Update faq.mdx (appellate courts/browser support) (#67)
freelawproject/free.law: posts/recap/faq.mdx

Second, if you wish to disable RECAP completely, you can do so via Chrome or Firefox's extension settings.

#### What browsers are supported? Why?

> We currently support Firefox and Chrome, with an experimental version for Opera. We would love to also add support for Safari and *(chromium-based)* Edge, but we need a maintainer that is willing to help with these platforms when new versions are released. If that might be you, [send us a message][c]!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently support Firefox and Chrome. We have experimented with Opera, but found their extension store to be too buggy and restrictive to use productively. We are working on a version for Safari, and would love to add a version the Chromium-based IE Edge.
```
